It's You
Last night
No wonder you don't like me.
It turned out to be effective
Do you think everyone is as cheap as you?
scold him and scold him again
Dignity, if you don't want to suffer
Just listen to me
Did you know that wild boy?
How terrifying is the person who let you die?
But... but I love you.
I'm sorry.
Finally gave me that suicide note
I'll take you with me
Can we both fly away?
Ah you know that suicide note
I beg you
Just for that Liu Haichen
After my mother passed away
My life is dark.
In a normal night
I thought you were my only light
At least you were sincere to me when you were a child
So I don't want to argue with you about what happened 7 years ago
I'll stop talking about useless things.
Why are you so tall?
Because you live well
Can you serve people?
You really make me sick
Said if I ripped you off here
Will Lingyan still like this bad guy?